
Help topics:
  treepack --help config
  treepack --help packages
  treepack --help build
  treepack --help paths
  treepack --help verify
  treepack --help examples

Environment:
  GitHub token precedence is --github-token, then GITHUB_TOKEN, then GH_TOKEN.
  Without --proxy, downloads use Go's default proxy environment handling.
  With --proxy, only the explicit proxy URL is used.
  Network request errors and HTTP 429, 502, 503, and 504 are retried. Retry-After
  is honored when present.

Path rules:
  --config is resolved from the current working directory.
  Manifest paths.source, paths.output, paths.work, and build.archive are resolved
  from the directory containing kit.toml.
  CLI overrides --source, --output, and --work-dir are resolved from the
  current working directory.
  file: package sources are resolved under paths.source.

Output:
  stdout contains the main command result.
  stderr contains progress, diagnostics, warnings, and errors.
  paths.output is a generated result directory. During publish, Treepack removes
  the existing output directory before writing the new result. It does not keep
  the previous output, run transactionally, or roll back after failures.
  A zip archive is created only when [build].archive is set. Treepack first
  creates a temporary zip from the staged output, publishes paths.output only
  after that succeeds, then replaces the final archive. Generated archives skip
  common desktop metadata by default; this does not change the published output.
  Use --raw-archive to archive the staged output as-is.
  --explain prints each static operation in execution order. It does not inspect
  source files or zip contents, access the network, or create work/output paths.
  Literal paths below extract/<asset>/ use portable zip-name correction; cp_regex
  patterns match the corrected physical names produced by extraction.

Exit codes:
  0  success, help, or version
  1  manifest, source, build, operation, or verify failure
  2  CLI argument error

Examples:
  treepack
  treepack -c examples/smoke/kit.toml
  treepack -c kit.toml -s source -o out --keep-work
  treepack -c kit.toml -p socks5://127.0.0.1:7890
